doc: upgrade path enforcement (#699)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.5.0/deploy/upgrade/_index.md

There are no deprecated or incompatible changes introduced in v{{< current-version >}}.

# Upgrade Path Enforcement

Since Longhorn v1.5.0, we enforce an upgrade path. Enforce an upgrade path to prevent users from upgrading from any unsupported version. After rejecting the user's upgrade attempt, the user's Longhorn setup should remain intact without any impacts.

> Compare current Longhorn version with upgrading/downgrading Longhorn version, only allow authorized version upgrade (e.g., 1.3.x to 1.5.x is not allowed) as following table.

Author: Modified. Thanks.

>   |  Current version |  Upgrading version |  Allow |

Reviewer: Add another example column to show the example(s) for each path.

  |    :-:      |    :-:      |   :-:  |
  |  x.y.*      |  x.(y+1).*  |   ✓    |

>   |  x.y.0      |  x.y.*      |   ✓    |

Reviewer: Actually we also support x.y.* to x.y.(*+n) not just from `x.y.0`.

Author: Modified. Thanks.

>   |  x.y.*      |  (x+1).y.*  |   ✓    |

Reviewer: We should only the upgrading from a last patch version of the just previous release branch to a new major version.

1.30.* to 2.0.* given 1.30 is the last feature branch of major 1.

Author: Added a footnote to mention about the last feature version of previous release branch. Thanks

  |  x.(y-1).*  |  x.(y+1).*  |   X    |
  |  x.(y-2).*  |  x.(y+1).*  |   X    |
  |  x.y.*      |  x.(y-1).*  |   X    |
  |  x.y.*      |  x.y.(*-1)  |   X    |

> **Warning**:
> * Upgrade path enforcement is introduced since Longhorn v1.5.0, downgrading to v1.4.x or older versions is possible.

> > * Downgrading is not recommended in any case.

Author: Modified. Thanks.

# Upgrade Path Enforcement

Since Longhorn v1.5.0, Longhorn only allows upgrades from supported versions. If upgrading from any unsupported version, the upgrade will fail. However, users can revert to the previous state without any service interruption or downtime.

In addition, Longhorn disallows downgrading to any previous version to prevent unexpected system statuses caused by potential function incompatibility, deprecation, or removal. Please refer to the following matrix to understand the supported upgrade versions:

  |  Current version |  Upgrading version |  Allow | Example |
  |    :-:      |    :-:      |   :-:  |    :-:    |
  |  x.y.*      |  x.(y+1).*  |   ✓    |  v1.4.2  to  v1.5.0  |
  |  x.y.*      |  x.y.(*+n)  |   ✓    |  v1.5.0  to  v1.5.1  |
  |  x.y[^lastMinorVersion].*      |  (x+1).y.*  |   ✓    |  v1.30.0 to  v2.0.0  |
  |  x.(y-1).*  |  x.(y+1).*  |   X    |  v1.3.3  to  v1.5.0  |
  |  x.(y-2).*  |  x.(y+1).*  |   X    |  v1.2.6  to  v1.5.0  |
  |  x.y.*      |  x.(y-1).*  |   X    |  v1.6.0  to  v1.5.0  |
  |  x.y.*      |  x.y.(*-1)  |   X    |  v1.5.1  to  v1.5.0  |

> [^lastMinorVersion]: Longhorn only allows upgrading from a last minor version of the just previous release branch to a new major version. (1.30.* to 2.0.* given 1.30 is the last feature branch of major 1.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^lastMinorVersion]: Longhorn only allows upgrades from any patch version of the last minor release before the new major version. (For example, v1.30.* is allowed to upgrade to v2.0.*, given that v1.30 is the last minor release branch before 2.0.)
```
